Add missing meta descriptions (#1074)
mongodb/docs-node: source/whats-new.txt

.. meta::
   :keywords: version, update, upgrade, backwards compatibility

>    :description: Discover the latest features and updates in recent versions of the Node.js driver, including new support for compression algorithms, authentication mechanisms, and various performance improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Discover the latest features and updates of the in the MongoDB Node.js Driver.
```
